# SVA Report High Vulnerabilities


Disclaimer: This script is provided as is. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
NOT A SUPPORTED SOLUTION

# Configure
To configure script add API Key information to cloudpassage.yml File
>key_id: your_api_key_id

>secret_key: your_api_secret_key

Set include_groups to include or exclude group names from the report
In the cloudpassage.yml file set the value for include_groups
> Set include_groups to 0 to exclude group names from the report

> Set include_groups to 1 to include group names in the report

# Requirements

This script requires Python 2.7.10 or greater
This script requires the CloudPassage Python SDK
> pip install cloudpassage

This script requires the Requests Python module.
>pip install requests

Install from pip with pip install cloudpassage. If you want to make modifications to the SDK you can install it in editable mode by downloading the source from this github repo, navigating to the top directory within the archive and running pip install -e . (note the . at the end). Or you can visit https://github.com/cloudpassage/cloudpassage-halo-python-sdk to clone it directly from our github.

The CSV report generated by this script includes AWS metadata values for AWS Instance ID and AWS Account ID. If your instance is running a version of Halo prior to version 3.9.5 the CVEs for those systems will not be included in this report. There is a method for extrapolating these values if you are running agent versions older than 3.9.5, but are using a server label convention of awsAccountID_awsInstanceID. If you have servers labeled in this way, the script will include those servers in the report. The script could be easily modified to pull all CVE's by removing or commenting out the portions of the code that pull the AWS metadata information.

# Running
Run *python halo_sva_report.py* to generate a CSV of only CVEs with a CVSS score of 7.0 or greater detected for all servers that a agent state of active.
Run *python halo_sva_report_all_cves.py* to generate a CSV of all CVEs detected for all servers that a agent state of active.

usage: halo_sva_report_custom.py [-h] [--allcves] [--highcves]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit
  
  --allcves   Use this to generate a report containing all Halo detected CVEs
  
  --highcves  Use this to generate a report containing only high rated CVE's
              (>=7.0 CVSS score) Halo detected CVEs


# Dependencies
Part of the script assumes you have labeled your servers with AWS account information to properly obtain the AWS Instance ID and AWS Account ID. The script checks for this server label ("awsAccountID_awsInstanceID"), but only makes this check if the EC2 metadata is not present in the server details JSON.


# License

Copyright (c) 2017, CloudPassage, Inc. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. * Neither the name of the CloudPassage, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CLOUDPASSAGE, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED ANDON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
